in our rapidly evolving world success is
defined by turning challenges into
opportunities with enough foresight and
ingenuity the complex problems of today
can become the achievements of tomorrow
I'm Fred Thompson from business and
technology to health care and the
environment join me as we take a closer
look inside the workings of the modern
global economy welcome to inside
business
I'm Fred Thompson and I'm inside
business the idea of staking one's claim
of determining one's own economic future
is the very foundation of the American
dream let's learn how some industrious
Americans are realizing their dreams
buying a home usually represents the
largest single investment in the average
consumers lifetime in today's
challenging economy it is a transaction
buyers and sellers take very seriously
currently home inspections are conducted
in about ninety percent of all
residential real estate transactions the
most frequent users of the service are
buyers as a condition of purchase but
sellers two are aware of the value of a
home inspection prior to selling the
home inspection industry is experiencing
rapid fire growth and quality inspectors
are in high demand across North America
one North American company is striving
to meet the industry's needs the
American dream has always been to be
your own boss we're offering our proven
business model to franchisees who want
to be in business for themselves but not
by themselves a franchise operation
minimizes the risk associated with
starting a business franchisees
typically see greater success than
independence Bedford Nova Scotia and
Milwaukee Wisconsin based a buyer's
choice home inspections has been selling
franchises for almost two years now the
company has become one of the fastest
growing franchises in North America and
is looking to expand globally
professionally operated companies like a
buyer's choice home inspections
continually deliver a far superior
product when compared to the non
franchised sole proprietor the liability
involved in home inspections grows every
year and only a specialized firm like a
buyer's choice home inspections is able
to win the confidence of consumers
insurance companies lenders and the
entire real estate industry itself
consistently
the company offers two distinct
franchise opportunities either of which
can be operated as a home business
anyone looking at a career change or
experiencing a workplace transition or
taking early retirement may look at our
unit franchise as an opportunity for
self-employment in a very needed service
industry the fantastic part of upcoming
a home inspector is that you don't need
to have any experience in the industry
or a college degree you can get training
in a matter of months and it's all
included in the franchise package of
bars choice home inspections provides
the master franchise opportunities
prepare entrepreneurs to develop a
network of franchises within a
particular region the master franchise
is best suited for an entrepreneurial
business type who would look to purchase
rights to a regional geographical
territory and then develop a chain of
home inspector franchises to service the
buyers and sellers of real estate in
that market a buyer's choices training
program includes a period of guided home
study followed by an intensive home
inspector bootcamp conducted at the
company headquarters a six-month
mentoring program follows and once
operational franchisees receive ongoing
support at local level the extensive
classroom and field training leads to
full certification master franchisees
receive a specialized sales training
course developed by a recognized leader
in the franchising industry Arnie has
tremendous experience in franchising and
the real estate and home inspection
industries which translates into a very
thorough and professional training
program especially because the course
taught me how to professionally present
our franchise opportunity and how to
work closely with our franchise owners
on an ongoing basis to help them succeed
a buyer's choices objective throughout
is to provide the highest level of
professionalism and customer service
franchisees abide by performance and
ethical customer service standards which
are unrivaled in the industry
a buyer's choice home inspections prides
itself in providing the best inspection
reporting system in the business he are
not a couple is which issued module
stuff eatery